# Dual Structural Consistency Preserving Community Detection on Social Networks (DSCPCD)

# Abstract
Community detection on social networks is a fundamental and crucial research topic in the field of social computing. Here we propose \emph{SCPCDG}---a structural consistency preserving community detection game model for community detection, which is designed regarding two criteria: 1) users within a social network should interact with each other in a manner combing uncertainty and certainty; 2) for a given social network, original explicit network (two linked users are friends) and potential implicit network (two linked users have common friends) should have a consistent community structure. In particular, \emph{SCPCDG} formulates each user in a social network as an individual in an evolutionary game associated with community-aware payoff settings, where the community sate evolves under the guide of replicator dynamics. The adoption of evolutionary game makes it possible to introduce the uncertainty to \emph{SCPCDG}. To further seek each user's membership, we develop a \emph{happiness} index to measure all user's satisfaction towards two community structures in explicit and implicit networks respectively, meanwhile the consistency of community structure in two networks is also characterized. Specifically, each user is assumed to maximize the \emph{happiness} under the constrains of evolutionary community state. This \emph{happiness} maximization operation is also based on the users' rationality, i.e., certainty. We evaluate \emph{SCPCDG} on several real-world and synthetic datasets, and the results show that it can yield substantial performance gains in terms of detection accuracy over several baselines. Also, we carry out an ablation test cutting the structural consistency criterion from \emph{happiness}, and a case study on a \emph{polbook} network to further verify \emph{SCPCDG}'s performance.
  
# Commands
g++ dscpcd.cpp -o dscpcd  
./dscpcd DataName
